hey what's up out there you guys Marty
Schwartz calm with guitar jams dot I'm
gonna teach you a cool little blues run
you know base up the kind of the
extension you'll climbing up and down
the pentatonic scale some blues notes
and things like that I want to tell you
real quick if you click the link below
you can sign up for some free jam tracks
jam track is basically you know backing
track that I'll send you mp3 that you
can practice this run with plus a
million other licks so go ahead and
click down there also I'm still in the
running for the air clapping crossroads
competition you know I'd love to be able
to play a set there so I'm done another
link down there if you've already voted
it's easy to go back on and just click
once but regardless of that I'm going to
teach you a cool thing right now here we
go okay so we're in the key of a and the
regular extended scale the roots on the
fifth fret of the e-string so we have
three five three five slide to seven
five seven five seven slide to nine and
then you have 8 10 8 10 again and then
10 can slide up to 12 let's check it out
I mean look at how much ground you've
covered here
and I've said before and I'll say it
again that the you know the idea of the
extension is that you can find little
licks along the way but you can climb
your way up like if I knew a lick right
here
some kind of thing like that I could do
it do it do we do it Sodom here
afterwards
you know like climb your way up and tool
it each zone you you know for you know
what I've learned each little zone up
that run I have new licks to do
okay so here's the little run though
we're gonna do we're gonna go down from
ring finger on 12 and the ideas come up
with your own licks along the way but
we're gonna go 12 11 10 and then 13 10
on the beat it's just a blue scale but
once we do that no we're gonna slot with
the same finger index finger we're gonna
move it down two whole steps we got
I'm working on my alternate picking okay
so once we've done that then we're going
to go over to the high e on the 10 so we
got
so we just went 10-8 on the high e so we
got sorry now we're just gonna go 10:8
on the high e 10-8 on the B okay now
we're gonna go ring finger to the 9th of
the G we're going to go 9 8 7 mm just a
little blues run again mm so we have so
the next thing we're gonna do is we're
gonna play 10 to 7 on the D string 12 11
10 13 10 8 10 8 10 8 9 8 7 10 7
then we're gonna it's basically the same
thing we're going to slide down with our
index to the fifth and we're now in our
so once we slid to five on the D we're
gonna go back over to the seven on the G
so we've got just regular pentatonic now
so we went seven five seven five then we
do the same thing again seven six five
on the a85 slide down five on the a
three on the a root so here it is
all right you guys hopefully that was a
little little flavor for you appreciate
all the support like I said you got free
free jam tracks down below maybe a you
know maybe a vote for me for the Clapton
thing but regardless hopefully I'm
helping you and thanks for the continued
support we'll see in another lesson